# Injective Avalon Upgrade 🥷

## Upgrade Guide

This is a software upgrade proposal for Injective. If passed, this proposal would commit the Injective Chain to halt at block [34775000](https://www.mintscan.io/injective/blocks/34775000) (approximately 14:00 UTC on June 1st 2023) and resume with the v1.11 version of the application binary.

Validators can find a step-by-step guide on the upgrade procedure in the long-form [proposal](https://github.com/InjectiveLabs/injective-chain-releases/blob/master/docs/migration/injective-canonical-chain-11.md).

Note: Keyring is migrated from amino to protobuf, it's recommended you backup your keyring before applying the new application binary. For more details, refer here: https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/9695

## Breaking Changes
- Clients utilizing simulation along with a buffer should increase the buffer from 20k to 25-30k as gas consumption will be increased. Clients specifying explicit gas limit should use simulation to find the appropriate value for their use-case when the upgrade occurs or deploy their applications on testnet which has already been upgraded and empirically find the gas difference.
- Events in CometBFT are represented in strings and are not base64-encoded as previously. If you’re using raw events in your application opposed to exposed API’s, we recommend deploying your applications on testnet and migrate to the new scheme.
- Block mode is being deprecated in the newer cosmos-sdk version, clients should migrate to sync or async mode.
- Node Operators & IBC Relayers
    - Node operators must remove the wasm cache before resuming with the new application binary. Refer [here](https://github.com/CosmWasm/wasmvm/issues/426) for more details.
    - The new application binary requires Go version 1.19 opposed to 1.18. Node operators building from source must update the version before resuming with the new application binary.
    - The libwasmvm library has been changed from v1.1.1 to v1.2.3. Node operators must copy the new library provided in the official release before resuming with the new application binary.
    - IBC relayers should update hermes to v1.5.0 which has support for CometBFT.

## Features
- Migrate cosmos-sdk from v0.45.11 to v0.47.2 and CometBFT v0.37.0
- Add gas fee delegation for contracts in wasmx. This feature will allow contracts executing in the BeginBlocker to optionally delegate gas payment to a different address
- Add support for settling derivative markets based on the latest oracle price observed when the settlement proposal passes.
- Add new proposal to change the number of decimals in the denom metadata
- Module params:
    - Change double-sign slashing fraction from 5% to 0.5%
    - Set begin blocker min gas price equal to transaction min gas price
    - Increase max block gas limit from 30M to 50M
    - Change BinaryOptionsMarketListingFee from 20INJ to 10INJ
- Miscellaneous:
    - Emit events for contract executions in BeginBlocker
    - Emit events when a validator is slashed
    - Set min commission for all validators below 5% to 5%
    - Modify oracle price query
    - Add query to retrieve orders by account address
    - Return TOB & mid price for a market in the DerivativeMarkets and SpotMarkets queries
    - Add optional params to the orderbook query which will allow to get only one side or orders up to a cumulative notional value or quantity
    - Fix handling of scale in market trade volatility query. Opposed to returning human-scaled values, it’s more convenient to return values based on the quote scale factor (for derivatives) or quote and base scale factors (for spot).

## Usage

### Versions

| Binary    | Version |Commit Hash
| -------- | ------- |------- |
| injectived  | 1.11   |f77eb5cfd7d03ee132095dc5f51699f1f1a2e7f9|
| peggo |   1.11   |5868c9461191ce5c3e7b11a2c4f8ec5779d15964|

`Go version 1.19`

Verify you're using the correct version by running the below commands:
```bash
injectived version
peggo version
```

```bash
docker run public.ecr.aws/l9h3g6c6/injective-core:v1.11 injectived version
docker run public.ecr.aws/l9h3g6c6/peggo:v1.11 peggo version
```

### 🐳 Docker

Docker images have support for both `amd64` and `arm64` architectures.

| Image    | Description |
| -------- | ------- |
| public.ecr.aws/l9h3g6c6/injective-core:v1.11 | Alpine image |
| public.ecr.aws/l9h3g6c6/peggo:v1.11 | Alpine image |

### 🕊️ Download Binaries

```bash
wget https://github.com/InjectiveLabs/injective-chain-releases/releases/download/v1.11-1685225746/linux-amd64.zip
unzip linux-amd64.zip
sudo mv injectived peggo /usr/bin
sudo mv libwasmvm.x86_64.so /usr/lib
```
